Issue 3535: clusterctl get kubeconfig docs added (#3644)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/get-kubeconfig.md

# clusterctl get kubeconfig

> The `clusterctl get` command prints the kubeconfig of an existing workload cluster into stdout.

Reviewer: There could be more sub-commands in the future under the `get` verb.
```suggestion
This command prints the kubeconfig of an existing workload cluster into stdout.
```

> This funcitonality is available in clusterctl version 0.3.9 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is available in clusterctl v0.3.9 or newer.
```

> ## Usage:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
For sake of consistency with others command's doc, we should drop Usage.
Also, I suggest to drop the list of parameters; instead, you can provide an example of calling the command with the `--namespace` flag

Author: ack
